enh(release): Add Centreon Web 22.04.4 RN (#1778)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.04/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 22.04.4

#### Bug fixes

- [Core] Fixed potential empty values in `index_data`.`special` that could block Centreon Broker

> - [Install] Fixed update process showing unable to execute SQL query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] Fixed update process that threw an "unable to execute SQL query" error
```
